# CS-340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
Answer: Writing programs to make them maintainable, readable and adaptable can be done by coding the program to be modular and reusable. Making a program modular is basically having every function of the program have its own spot of code. Making maintainability, adaptability, and readability much easier.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
Answer: As a computer scientist I would approach database or dashboard requirements by figuring out what the end product may look like and figure out what I need to help me meet these requirements that they requested. My approach to this project was much different than other assignments, this course was the first real time that I have done anything with databases. Techniques that I'd use in the future are definitely things like the CRUD module, as well as using things like dash more in the future.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Answer: Computer scientists develope programs based on other people's visions, such as Grazioso Salvare, its important because a majority of the time these programs help people do things faster than they were before. These programs promote and improve effeciency by processing data faster than before, allowing companies like Grazioso Salvare to be more effecient in their work.
